with which counts the chairlifts important
that all those final are
there at the bottom of the tunnel manuel fountains
it is celebrated here in tordesillas
the famous and called bull of the vega that bull that you have seen with metal we left
the bus
every year in sweden andreas seppi gives him a
based on eyes a lower-level confinement is down this street where
we have climbed and crosses the bridge a bull of more than 500 kilos
well the tradition the laws hand the tradition and what is done all the
years the one who is the bull goes through the bridge crossing until they
pine trees you want there that are called honor field vale
and there the bull is expected by germs with brees mounted on horses
others on foot with spears
and kill the bull to thrown is a pretty pretty horrible tradition
but here in tardesillas this custom has been celebrated for centuries
Which means
that for the people of here of tordesillas it is a thing then normal and
current no
the truth is that no animal protective associations
every year during the tordesillas bull festival, they are here
present against them from this tradition
but hey it's a tradition that so hundreds of tordesillas reach
thousands of people to witness that event
formerly
when the one to kill the bull had the privilege of cutting off the
testicles milestones took in the alavesa until the town hall to gather as
human
currently she is not exhorted the witnesses can cut the tail worth
Well with that same idea but it's a music party you can enjoy
farmers
never a little bit to take her in all this